Split PTO calculation into a dedicated method (#3681)
quicwg/base-drafts: draft-ietf-quic-recovery.md

Pseudocode for SetLossDetectionTimer follows:

~~~
GetLossTimeAndSpace():
  time = loss_time[Initial]
  space = Initial
  for pn_space in [ Handshake, ApplicationData ]:
    if (time == 0 || loss_time[pn_space] < time):

>       time = loss_times[pn_space];

Author: ```suggestion
      time = loss_time[pn_space];
```

Pseudocode for SetLossDetectionTimer follows:

~~~
GetLossTimeAndSpace():
  time = loss_time[Initial]
  space = Initial
  for pn_space in [ Handshake, ApplicationData ]:
    if (time == 0 || loss_time[pn_space] < time):
      time = loss_time[pn_space];
      space = pn_space
  return time, space

GetPtoTimeAndSpace():
  duration = smoothed_rtt +

>       max(4 * rttvar, kGranularity) * (2 ^ pto_count)

Author: Good catch, thanks.

  # Arm PTO from now when there are no inflight packets
  if (no in-flight packets):

>     return (now() + duration), Initial

Reviewer: This breaks the following case: As a client, I need to send a Handshake packet to unblock the server's amplification limit, if the Initial packet number space was already dropped.

Author: Thanks.  The amplification factor is the gift that keeps on giving.

Pseudocode for SetLossDetectionTimer follows:

~~~
GetLossTimeAndSpace():
  time = loss_time[Initial]
  space = Initial
  for pn_space in [ Handshake, ApplicationData ]:
    if (time == 0 || loss_time[pn_space] < time):
      time = loss_time[pn_space];
      space = pn_space
  return time, space

GetPtoTimeAndSpace():
  duration = smoothed_rtt +
      max(4 * rttvar, kGranularity) * (2 ^ pto_count)
  # Arm PTO from now when there are no inflight packets
  if (no in-flight packets):

>     return now() + duration, Initial

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    return (now() + duration), Initial
```

  timeout = infinite

>   pn_space = Initial

Reviewer 2: using space and pn_space is awkward, how about naming this pto_space (and maybe then pto_time for timeout)

Author: Sg, changed to pto_timeout and pto_space.

  for space in [ Initial, Handshake, ApplicationData ]:
    if (no in-flight packets in space):
        continue;
    if space == ApplicationData:
      // Skip ApplicationData until handshake complete.
      if (handshake is not complete):
        return timeout, pn_space
      // ApplicationData include the max_ack_delay in PTO.
      duration += max_ack_delay * (2 ^ pto_count)

>     if (timeout >
>           time_of_last_ack_eliciting_packet[space] + duration):
>       timeout =
>           time_of_last_ack_eliciting_packet[space] + duration

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    t = time_of_last_ack_eliciting_packet[space] + duration
    if (t < timeout):
      timeout = t
```

Pseudocode for SetLossDetectionTimer follows:

~~~
GetLossTimeAndSpace():
  time = loss_time[Initial]
  space = Initial
  for pn_space in [ Handshake, ApplicationData ]:
    if (time == 0 || loss_time[pn_space] < time):
      time = loss_time[pn_space];
      space = pn_space
  return time, space

GetPtoTimeAndSpace():
  duration = (smoothed_rtt + max(4 * rttvar, kGranularity))
      * (2 ^ pto_count)

>   # Arm PTO from now when there are no inflight packets

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  // Arm PTO from now when there are no inflight packets.
```

>   if (no in-flight packets):

Reviewer 3: Assuming this is for the amplification protection, something's missing here. Perhaps this should be 
`if (is_client && no packets in flight && !PeerCompletedAddressValidation())`.
Otherwise, you never get into the case below on line 1293.

Reviewer 3: never mind, I thought the code below to do the early return when no packets are in flight after address validation was removed. It's still there, so all good.

    if (has handshake keys):
      return (now() + duration), Handshake
    else:
      return (now() + duration), Initial
  pto_timeout = infinite
  pto_space = Initial
  for space in [ Initial, Handshake, ApplicationData ]:
    if (no in-flight packets in space):
        continue;

>     if space == ApplicationData:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    if (space == ApplicationData):
```

      // Skip ApplicationData until handshake complete.
      if (handshake is not complete):
        return pto_timeout, pto_space

>       // ApplicationData include the max_ack_delay in PTO.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
      // Include max_ack_delay and backoff for ApplicationData.
```
